README.md, before:

# RDAS TASK
This is a task for my technical assement test on Vue3 for RDAS Nigeria.
I was to create a form that takes input a then add the user's data to a table on the same page.
Also, i was to build display pages for students and items that share a unique component for displaying the table.

During the course of building, I worked with Vue Router for Routing, Pinia for State Management. I made use of Vue 3 composition api and used correct implementation of props, emit events and reactivity, My components were also will structure with this defined principles. 

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Made changes to components styles and structure

README.md, after:

# RDAS TASK
This is a task for my technical assement test on Vue3 for RDAS Nigeria.
I was to create a form that takes input from the user then add the user's data to a table on the same page.
Also, i was to build display pages for students and items that share a unique component for displaying the table.

During the course of building, I worked with Vue Router for Routing, Pinia for State Management. I made use of Vue 3 composition api and used correct implementation of props, emit events and reactivity. My components were also will structured with this defined principles. I also used TailwindCSS as my preferred CSS Framework with plain css.

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```
